.env or dotenv file

Is a file that contains environment variables. Environment variables are variables that are 
available to the application and its processes. They are set by the operating system and available 
to all processes running in that environment. The .env file is a text file that contains key-value 
pairs, with each key on a new line. The key-value pairs are separated by an equals sign (=). 
These files are crucial as they facilitate the configuration and management of environment variables 
in software development.

Why it's important - 

The .env file is used to store sensitive information such as passwords, API keys, and other secrets.
It is also used to store configuration information such as the database connection string.

Purpose: .env files are utilized to store configuration information and sensitive data in the 
form of key-value pairs. These files are particularly useful for storing secrets such as API keys, 
database connection strings, and other environment-specific settings.

Usage in Node.js: In Node.js applications, dotenv files help manage environment variables. They allow 
developers to store various environment-specific configurations, ensuring easy portability across 
different environments without hardcoding these variables in the source code.

Application: .env files can be employed in various contexts, including web applications, microservices, 
cloud deployments, and local development environments. While they are not exclusive to MongoDB, they
are widely used in MongoDB applications to handle sensitive configuration details such as the 
connection URI.

Importance: Due to containing sensitive data and configuration specifics, .env files are essential 
for maintaining security and flexibility in software development. By separating configuration details 
from the codebase, developers can better secure sensitive information and adapt the application to 
different environments without modifying the code.

Here are some things to keep in mind about .env files:

.env files are meant to be stored locally and not be uploaded to code repositories online.
Each developer in a team typically carries one or more .env files for each environment.
.env files contain credentials in key-value format for services used by the program they're building. 

https://blog.bitsrc.io/a-gentle-introduction-to-env-files-9ad424cc5ff4


How to use it - 

1.  Create a .env file in the root directory of your project.
2.  Add the .env file to your .gitignore file.
3.  Now to inject the secrets into your project, you can use a popular module like dotenv; 
    it will parse the .env file and make your secrets accessible within your codebase under 
    the process object. Go ahead and install the module:    npm install dotenv --save
4.  Import the module at the top of the start script for your codebase:
    require('dotenv').config()

5. That’s it — now you can access the secrets anywhere in your codebase:
        process.env.SECRET_1 // injects the value of SECRET_1 into your code

Eg: 
    DB_HOST=localhost
    DB_USER=admin
    DB_PASS=123
    PORT=3000
    API_KEY= API key
