Express is a very simple, minimal, fast, unopinionated, and flexible Node.js web application framework
that provides a robust set of features for web and mobile applications. 

Express is used to build the web server that will handle the requests and responses to and from the client. 

It is used to handle the routing of the application. The routing is the process of determining 
which function to run based on the URL and HTTP method of the request. 

Express is used to handle the middleware of the application. Middleware is a function that is 
run before the route handler. It is used to perform tasks such as authentication and logging. 

Express is used to handle the templating of the application. Templating is the process of generating 
HTML markup with the data provided by the application. 

Express is used to handle the error handling of the application. Error handling is the process 
of handling errors that occur during the execution of the application. 

Express is used to handle the static files of the application.
Static files are files that are not processed by the application and are served as is. 

Express is used to handle the cookies of the application. 
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on the client's computer. 

Express is used to handle the sessions of the application. 
Sessions are used to store data that is specific to a user. 

Express is used to handle the authentication of the application.
Authentication is the process of verifying the identity of a user. 

Express is used to handle the authorization of the application. 
Authorization is the process of determining whether a user has access to a resource. 

Express is used to handle the logging of the application. 
Logging is the process of recording events that occur during the execution of the application. 

Express is used to handle the security of the application.
Security is the process of protecting the application from malicious attacks.


Express is used to handle the testing of the application. 
Testing is the process of verifying that the application is working as expected. 

Express is used to handle the deployment of the application.
Deployment is the process of making the application available to the public. 

Express is used to handle the documentation of the application. 
Documentation is the process of describing the application's features and how to use them. 

Express is used to handle the monitoring of the application. 
Monitoring is the process of keeping track of the application's performance. 

Express is used to handle the logging of the application. 
Logging is the process of recording events that occur during the execution of the application.

Express is used to handle the security of the application. 
Security is the process of protecting the application from malicious attacks. 

Express is used to handle the testing of the application. 
Testing is the process of verifying that the application is working as expected. 
